# 240D_softmax

### Work by Janav Kati & Ruilin Hu

## Implementing Exponents in LUT (in `/ExpInLUT` directory)

To create SystemVerilog file of the design, install the necessary modules/libraries to run the `generate_sv.py` script and follow the prompt:
```
python generate_sv.py
```
Make sure the correct parameters are given for the script to generate right SystemVerilog code of the design. The script will need to read in the contents in the `LUT_header.txt` and `LUT_footer.txt` to write in correct content in the output file, which is named `generated_softmax.sv` under the same directory as the `generate_sv.py` script.

To run the testbench, add `generated_softmax.sv`, `testing/softmax_tb.sv`, and `../binary_inps.cvs` in ModelSim or Questa. Start simulation with `softmax_tb.sv` and the resultant outputs will be recorded in `output_from_testbench.txt` in the files generated by the simulator.

To find out the relative accuracy of the testbench result, install necessary modules and run `testing/test_accuracy.py` script with the following command:
```
python generate_sv.py
```
And the script will generate the percent accuracy of the classification result.

## Softermax (in `/Softermax` directory)
The entire design for the implementation and the testbench to run the design are provided in the Softermax folder.
Use the input file `binary_inps.csv` present in the repository as the inputs for the design. The softermax values are generated by the testbench in a new file. The new file can be compared with the reference inputs similar to the part above.
